Had a dream in evening of going/passing into a larger hole...
I just came out... The atmosphere was merely greyish...
Someone pulling my hand saying let's go...
It's a male...tall...couldn't see him...he walked fast..
I followed him...
Never had a dream of walking into a black-white greyish atmosphere... I was pale white, but aggressive...
I felt like i am really walking..
I could breathe and inhale oxygen...
I knew it was me because i could see my green and red visible nerves over my wrist..
I thought that it was my college, but it was not my college at all... I double-checked it..
It was more like another world...
While typing these words itself, my body is shivering and i don't know why...
While we dream in sleep, we humans make a mistake of running or moving backwards or escape and then, we wake up.
For first time in life, i realized that i am dreaming while i am really in deep sleep.
Earlier, i made mistakes by waking up. I was stable this time maintaining unconsiousness.
(Here... there was no day dream.. we get such day-dreams during consious state).
I stepped forwards and went downstairs...
I went down and i realized that i am in different world. And i realized that it's my.... (i don't think it's my home lol)..
I came out of the door and i found some species applausing at me.
I was wondering why are they applausing at me?
I couldn't see any trees... Just some different species...
I didn't see them closely, but they actually resembled like humans.
And then, i woke up from bed trying to breathe. And my heart was aching.

Isn't it creepy?

Analysis:-
When i try to wake up mom, she comes out of sleep.
When i try to wake up a heavy sleeper, he/she will atleast move their hand or leg or atleast breathe deeper.
When someone tries to wake me up or beats me badly when i am asleep, then also i don't wake up.
When mom hits my room door, some wave hits my brain and i immediately get up having heavy headache.
And so i always warn mom not to hit the door since heavy bandwidth of signals give strong hit over my front-brain.

Since childhood till 2014, i get more strange dreams which i can't share it here.
Because it's even creepy.

It makes me wonder whether there is really another world...

14 years back, I'd five seasons of broken dreams. And this is why i hate serials.
There were 10 explorers who gets lost in Earth while they were actually from another planet.
And they were caught up here in this Earth for serveral years.

This is even creepy...

This is why i hate to sleep..

And i get these horrible nightmares...
